[8.11] Data Quality dashboard Same Family updates (#4107)
elastic/security-docs: docs/dashboards/data-quality-dashboard.asciidoc

[discrete]
== Learn more about checked index fields
After an index is checked, an X (❌) or a checkmark (✅) appears in its *Result* column. The X (❌) indicates mapping problems in an index. To view index details, including which fields weren't successfully mapped, click the arrow next to the result to expand it.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/data-qual-dash-detail.png[An expanded index with some failed results in the Data Quality dashboard]

When you expand a result, the *Summary* tab immediately helps you visualize the status of fields in that index. The other tabs display more details about particular fields, grouped by their mapping status.  

> NOTE: Fields in the *Same family* category have the right search behavior, but may have different storage or performance characteristics (for example, you can index strings to both `text` and `keyword` fields). To learn more, refer to {ref}/mapping-types.html[Field data types].

Reviewer: Word choice nits
```suggestion
NOTE: Fields in the *Same family* category have the correct search behavior, but might have different storage or performance characteristics (for example, you can index strings to both `text` and `keyword` fields). To learn more, refer to {ref}/mapping-types.html[Field data types].
```

* Export results for one index:
. Expand an index that has at least one incompatible field by clicking the arrow to the left of its *Result*.

> . From the *Summary*, *Incompatible fields*, or *Same family* tabs, select *Add to new case* to open a new <<cases-overview,case>>, or click *Copy to clipboard* to copy a Markdown report to your clipboard.

Reviewer 2: The original statement appears to still be true, because all three of the tabs above include the `Copy to clipboard` button, however the `Same family` tab doesn't have an `Add to case` button per the screenshot below:

<img width="1574" alt="same_family_tab" src="https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/assets/4459398/9560aae2-4bb3-4967-8f5d-5f66e2288482">

* Export results for one index:
. Expand an index that has at least one incompatible field by clicking the arrow to the left of its *Result*.
. From the *Summary* or *Incompatible fields* tab, select *Add to new case* to open a new <<cases-overview,case>>.

> . From the *Summary*, *Incompatible fields*, or , *Same family* tab, click *Copy to clipboard* to copy a Markdown report to your clipboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the *Summary*, *Incompatible fields*, or *Same family* tab, click *Copy to clipboard* to copy a Markdown report to your clipboard.
```
